v0.5.0 (#843)
Worklytics/psoxy: docs/faq-security.md

> ## Can Psoxy invocation be locked to a set of known IP addresses?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Can Worklytics Pseudonymizing Proxy invocation be locked to a set of known IP addresses?
```

Yes, but this is an add-on feature to your Worklytics subscription that must be enabled for your
Worklytics tenant. Please contact [sales@worklytics.co](mailto:sales@worklytics.co] to access this
feature.

> Note that all requests from your Worklytics tenant to your Psoxy instances are authenticated via identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that all requests from your Worklytics tenant to your Pseudonymizing Proxy instances are authenticated via identity
```
